hi girls Kyra predominate as a beer
suffice you're not
mama mama mama monger need an Ankeny
Massey Massey Massey Monica Rena Peru
Philippa I never - ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
ma n gan England gunning nice imagine a
Tina Turner little bit Muska bingo high
mingi oh you gotta kind of butter
lettuce mama mama mama Gina Gina Gina
spider not my mom my mom my money
money and go Nia go Nia let's imagine I
sing a bit much yeah when a poodle ha ha
ha sign up another nest
my mama mama mama money and go Nia go
Nia go Nia nicey-nicey not bye-bye then
a bit mush
ah - yeah uh ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
ma ma ma ma Negro Negro negan then
you're deaf omarska moment Chaka now
mama hey ma ma ma ma
9s mum
no Jim we're not gonna get that lying
baby hey how's that I'm gonna my
stuff
bye-bye